Doctor, look at the bastard
He's been unconscious since this morning.
Hu Yue
I hit you, your attitude shouldn't be so good
Dr. Ye
I'm in a hurry for you to save my dad, aren't I?
It doesn't matter if you hit it
Oh yeah, it's not about seeing a doctor.
With your character
How could it be so easy to compromise?
Dr. Ye, how can you say that?
If I'm not mistaken
I saved your dad
You're going to shoot me
For you, I have both saved people and lost sheep
That's killing two birds with one stone.
Dr. Ye really didn't
You are overthinking it, hahahaha.
active
I know what you're thinking when you look at me
You are no match for me
Dr. Ye, I beg you, please save my father
Ok then you go out
But I'm going out